# time card


# DEVELOPMENT TOOLS
nexct I would like to highlight the key aspects of our  development tools,
we employ separation of front-end and backend in a web application development model for Efficient Development

first let us foucous on frontend

## frontend
We employ a wide range of technologies, including TypeScript, HTML, CSS, Next.js, and TailwindCSS. This diversity allows us to select the latest tools and technologies to build our frontend, ensuring that we deliver the best user experience.

## framework

Next.js and TailwindCSS speed up our  development process, offering excellent support for UI design. this combination simplifies our development tasks and delivers terrific user interfaces.


## backend

let's shift our focus to the backend development, which forms the backbone of our application.

## language

"Python, a flexible programming language, allows us to efficiently build the backend. It can be used for web applications, data processing, and even machine learning, making our backend  robust and adaptable."

We employ MySQL as our database system, enhancing the data reliability . This choice not only ensures data security but also simplifies data management.

## framework

FastAPI is excellent at making fast web APIs. It speeds up requests and helps our application handle more users requirements.

FastAPI automatically generates SwaggerUI documentation based on request and response schema definitionsn, allowing concurrent development of frontend and backend. 

# MEMBER ROLES


since we hace adopted the separation of front-end and backend development model,our team members have been divided into two groups.

I am going to introduce the frontend members roles

Honjo, who is responsible for crafting our Product Page, has completed the layout design of the products page and  also assisted team members in debugging layout design."

Garpur, responsible for the Detailed View, has successfully handled backend interaction and completed the design of the detailed product pages

Nishimura, for the Recipe Page, has provided the team with pre-designed sample layouts, serving as a valuable reference for everyone


"Hiramatsu has prepared a visual Swagger UI environment for everyone, making frontend and backend development more efficient, and has also designed APIs."

Zhang, I designed the database structure and prepared the data. and also ensure error-free data transmission through the APIs



# Implemented Functions and System Configuration Chart


1.The process begins when a user interacts with our program, for instance, by accessing the Product Page.

2.The frontend, which represents the user interface, sends a request to the backend,  requesting  product information data .

3.after receiving the request, the backend processes the request by searching for product information in the coresponding database,and then the backend formulates a response. This response  contain data fetched from the database

4.The frontend receives the response from the backend and updates the product page accordingly.

A similar process also occurs when users access detailed view page.

As for displaying the recipe page, the backend needs to search for corresponding cooking information in the recipe table based on the user's request for specific product ID and then return recipe information to the recipe page




I will introduce the workflow of our app when users use it.

After the user logs in and enters our product page, the frontend will send a request to the backend.
The backend, which is the server-side of our app, processes this request. , the backend fetches the product information from the database 

for example

1.product page request to backend

2.backend search data from database

3.response data to frontend



评价


开发中和队员合作开发 边学习边开发的经验 锻炼了我和队友的交流能力
catchup 

更加和backend交流 广泛的学习backend知识